# tranmere5

This project was autogenerated using the Mephisto Yeoman template 

## Introduction

## Prerequisites

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* Node.js - [Install Node.js 12x](https://nodejs.org/en/), including the NPM package management tool.
* Docker - [Install Docker community edition](https://hub.docker.com/search/?type=edition&offering=community)

## Project Structure

## The SAM Template

### Lambdas

## Running locally with the SAM CLI

Build your application with the `sam build` command.

```bash
$ sam build
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `tranmere5/package.json`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source. Test events are included in the `events` folder in this project.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

```bash
$ sam local invoke tranmere5Function --event events/event.json
```

The SAM CLI can also emulate your application's API. Use the `sam local start-api` to run the API locally on port 3000.

```bash
$ sam local start-api
$ curl http://localhost:3000/
```
### Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
$ sam logs -n tranmere5Function --stack-name tranmere5 --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

### Testing

Tests are defined in the `tests` folder in this project. Use NPM to install the [Mocha test framework](https://mochajs.org/) and run tests.

```bash
# Unit test
$ npm run test
# Integration test, requiring deploying the stack first.
# Create the env variable AWS_SAM_STACK_NAME with the name of the stack we are testing
$ AWS_SAM_STACK_NAME=<stack-name> npm run integ-test
```

### Deploying to AWS

If you have permissions to deploy to an AWS account for the CLI to build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

```bash
$ sam build
$ sam deploy --stack-name tranmere5 --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM --s3-bucket tranmere-web-api
```

### Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
$ aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name tranmere5
```

## Continuous Integration & Deployment

## Depoying to AWS Manually

